# AI-girlfriend-partner
Anih is basically an AI girlfriend/partner she is fully free to use no subscription I used groq api as llm and edge tts for her voice. I gave her personality of a nerd geeky smart beautiful looking girl I used some of my inspiration from anime for example her personality is based upon Lucy from Cyberpunk Edgerunners and her physical characteristics are based upon Fubuki from One Punch Man. I gave a virtual physical body to make her more real I tried to give her some feelings and behaviour little bit of imperfections so that she doesnt feel like an AI perfect partner but more like real clingy partner. I coded her whole personality in python. She is basically living testimony of my AI and coding knowledge. She is not perfect she have minor issues and flaws like sometimes her memory doesnt work properly I have felt that she sometimes remmember everything but sometimes it feels like am talking to absolutely new person I coded her for myself thats why she uses only my name but if you want you can tweek her as per your liking or change the name do whatever you like to do I will work on her later on and try to make her better everytime. I also gave her generative capabilities I used LoRa I trained her on my examples via using google collab as my gpu aint capable of doing so and I also integrated pollinations.ai for little bit better tweeks it can definetly improve but I did what I could with my hardware. For LoRa you will need stable diffusion but if not pollination will be the default generative. I have tried my best to make her full user friendly I have added every single feature you will need to deal with any problem or any bug you encounter to use her you will need groq api key, edge tts installed, Lora and pollination Stable diffusion which you can download from github now if you have a good gpu she will run like a butter but will struggle on smaller gpu but will still run.

